DOC-1663: Add `sidebar_show` doc (#2470)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/configuration/sidebar_show.adoc

[[sidebar_show]]
== `+sidebar_show+`

> This option allows you to show the specified sidebar on initialization.

Reviewer: We probably need an admonition indicating this only available in TinyMCE 6.1 and later

Author: I added the admonition

[[sidebar_show]]
== `+sidebar_show+`

> NOTE: This option is only available for TinyMCE 6.1 and later.

Reviewer 2: As noted in all other PRs I've reviewed so far, this shouldn't be done this way. See https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce-docs/pull/2471#discussion_r918548089. We'll need to get someone to make that change and merge first so we can all reuse it.

> This option allows you to show the specified sidebar on initialization.

Reviewer 2: This also doesn't follow the style guide as we shouldn't be using pronouns: https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce-docs/blob/staging/docs-6/CONTRIBUTING.md#pronouns

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This option allows the specified sidebar to be shown on editor initialization.
```

*Type:* `+String+`

=== Example: Using `+sidebar_show+`

[source,js]

```javascript
  tinymce.init({
    setup: (editor) => {
      editor.ui.registry.addSidebar('mysidebar', {
        tooltip: 'My sidebar',
        icon: 'comment',
        onShow: (api) => {
          api.element().innerHTML = 'Hello world!';
        },
      });
    },
    sidebar_show: 'mysidebar'
  });

> ```

Reviewer 2: This isn't how you do an code example in AsciiDoc... it also doesn't follow the style guide: https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce-docs/blob/staging/docs-6/CONTRIBUTING.md#code-snippets

> 
> ```javascript
>   tinymce.init({
>     setup: (editor) => {
>       editor.ui.registry.addSidebar('mysidebar', {
>         tooltip: 'My sidebar',
>         icon: 'comment',
>         onShow: (api) => {
>           api.element().innerHTML = 'Hello world!';
>         },
>       });
>     },
>     sidebar_show: 'mysidebar'
>   });
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
----
tinymce.init({
  selector: 'textarea', // change this value according to your HTML
  sidebar_show: 'mysidebar',
  setup: (editor) => {
    editor.ui.registry.addSidebar('mysidebar', {
      tooltip: 'My sidebar',
      icon: 'comment',
      onShow: (api) => {
        api.element().innerHTML = 'Hello world!';
      },
    });
  }
});
----
```
